Study Result

Narrative
TECHNIQUE:  Intravenous contrast-enhanced CT of the chest and abdomen 
was performed. 
  
IMPRESSION: 
  
CHEST: 

     1. Heart is normal in size.  Severe left and right coronary 
artery calcifications.  No pericardial effusion. 
     2. Ascending aorta is mildly ectatic measuring 3.6 cm.  Aorta is 
moderately atherosclerotic.  Pulmonary artery is normal in size. 
     3. No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary lymphadenopathy.   
Calcified left hilar lymph node consistent with chronic granulomatous 
disease.  Thyroid and esophagus are unremarkable. 
     4. Central airways patent.  No bronchiectasis.  There are 
changes of both emphysema and fibrosis.  No honeycombing.   
     5. Irregular 2.6 x 2.3 x 2.0-cm lesion in the posterior left 
lower lobe increased in size from March 2011 compatible with 
malignancy until proven otherwise.  Remainder of the lungs are clear.   
No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
ABDOMEN: 

     1. Diffuse fatty infiltration of the liver.  Irregular 6-mm 
nonobstructing calculi in the interpolar right and left kidneys.   
Remainder of the solid organs are unremarkable.  Gallbladder and 
pancreaticobiliary system are nondistended. 
     2. Fusiform atherosclerotic aneurysm of the infrarenal abdominal 
aorta has shown mild interval enlargement from September 2011 now 
measuring 4.9 x 4.4 cm, previously measuring 4.7 x 4.3 cm at the same 
location.  Aneurysm is largely thrombosed although a contrast 
opacified channel measures 2 cm in maximal dimension.  Kissing iliac 
stents remain in place.  Eccentric mural thrombus mildly narrows the 
left prox stent.  Bilateral external and internal iliac arteries are 
markedly narrowed and heavily calcified.  SMA and portal venous 
system are patent.  Trace contrast is observed in the IMA. 
     3. No dilated small or large bowel.  No inflammatory changes in 
the colon. 
     4. Adenopathy, free fluid, or fluid collection. 
OTHER: 

     1. Bones intact.  Mild degenerative changes in the spine. 
     2. Mild gynecomastia
